[Music] a
while ago
[Music]
a bad guy like me uncovers rookies and a
wolf like me isn't part well like you
[Music]
even if it's too big for you that's why you're with someone just like
you
This is so that it mortifies you more than
me with you I'm not coming back nor are they crying for me
[Music] I
understood that it's not my fault that they
criticize you I only make music Sorry that it
splashes you you stopped telling me to the
mother-in-law with the press at the door and the
windows you thought you saw me you
turned into trash women don't cry anymore
women
don't come out of a good person
clearly isn't what it sounds like she has the name of a
good person
clearly she's just like you
[Music]
Let's sing like you
[Music] that's why you
're with someone just like you
love to hate there's a step this way don't
come back I'm getting married but resentment baby I
wish you well with my supposed
[Music]
gym but work your brain a
little too photo where you see me
here I feel like a hostage for me  all good
and I'll free you up tomorrow and if you want bring her she can
come too she has the name of a
good person
clearly it's not how it sounds she has the name
of a good person and a she-wolf like me isn't
part well like you
[Music] it's too
big for you that's why you're with
a fin that you [
Music]
[Music] a
while ago
[Music]
a bad guy like me uncovers rookies and a
she-wolf like me isn't part well like you
[Music]
even if it's too big for you that's why you're with someone just like
you
This is so that it mortifies you more than
me not coming back to you nor that they
cry for me and I knew that I understood that it's not
my fault that they criticize you that's why I
make music Sorry that it splashed on you you
stopped telling me to the mother-in-law with the
door and the debt born you thought you
saw me you turned me into garbage women do
n't cry anymore women
have the name of a good person
clearly it's not how it sounds it's a good person clearly it's a name
of a good person
clearly
[Music]
love to hate there is a step  Don't
come back here I'm getting married but I'm bitter baby I
wish you well with my supposed
replacement or what happened to you You're
so weird that I can't even tell you apart I do a lot of gyms for
two out of 22 changes
but work your brain
a little bit also photos where they
hit me here I feel like a hostage for me
everything's fine and you guys need tomorrow and if she
wants to bring her let her come too she
has the name of a good person
clearly she's not what it sounds like she has the name
of a good person and a wolf like me is not
part well like you
[Music] that's why you
're with a suitcase that you
[Music]
a lot what's her name let's see wow wow let's
see what else she has
what else she has So don't be a bizarre session
wow wow wow I really like it finally
Javi I've been waiting all day What
clothes Stream Haha go well I just
came from telesalseo that
we broke there in telesalcemos broken
a spectacular night ago interest the
ceo Now here I come like from Chile not to
gossip to tell you the ribs and
that's it  I'm off No, I'm not following her anymore, so follow her
because I really think it's impressive.
Hey, she has a great Setup.
I imagine she's dedicated to this
professionally because she has some great
equipment. She has
some great equipment, she's sure to
break it on Twitch, let's
see. Let's see. I'm afraid the copy will jump out
but I want to listen to something more.
Formentera
if you tell me she has something
Disney and we put it on here, let's see
or Happy Day, I was mad at having a copy, she's going to
jump out at me, copy is going to screw me directly.
Slow Mode, damn, I'm going to
listen to that one, let's listen to that one,
let's listen to this one, eh. Even if there's a
copy. Even if there's a copy, I don't care, come on, I'm going to take a
chance,
but it has very little, very few songs, I
mean, she must have another platform. She has very
few videos here, she must have another
platform, eh, for sure. eh. I do
n't know. I discovered it because
Frank promoted it the other day on
Twitter.
Let's see, let's listen to this one, my class is going to start, but I'll see you on delay. kisseco, don't interrupt me while you've listened to this girl, okay, if there's a problem in the chat, let me know and I'll see it. I trust you.  don't interrupt me please
it's on the purple platform because it's
cool it's cool it's cool it's cool it's
very cool Okay guys what are you doing what are you doing what's up what
argument are you having is that I'm
waiting for the chat and you're saying you
're saying things Javi you
accompanied me on the race for 7
hours driving at dawn and you
helped me get home wake up
ta ta ta ta ta ta ta
[Music]
Yes yes yes What's there what are
you talking about in the chat
what are you talking about to Belén
Jurado Belén Jurado in case you want to
follow her I thought I said it Well I
think I put it in text at the
beginning
the spoon I'll listen on Twitch you
missed 10 subs for not putting
the that the that the that Electric I don't
understand I don't understand I didn't
understand I missed 10 subs but
what are you talking about I
don't understand I don't understand you have something
going on in the chat that has caught my
mind elsewhere what are
you talking about what is it
what you're talking about I'm
collecting birth
But what the [ __ ] are you talking about
is that I'm not I'm not understanding that what you
're talking about you
're trolling me
[Music] let's
see today several things can happen I
wanted to talk to Auron and I sent him a
super chat that I knew him from Dallas that I
love his videos and I waited like an
hour for it to play Hahaha but it
was worth it it was worth it Well
send me the clip
but let's see son of a [ __ ] you're constantly
sinping I can't insult you No
after 15 Seconds of the video you
can be insulted no you're constantly
sinping no I
mean Yesterday you told me exactly the
same thing I don't remember if it was staryuki
mod please if there's nothing really serious
don't delete the message let's see They
told me that they've removed moderators let's see
the moderators
topic the moderators topic
alasne is the boss of the moderators what
alanne says goes to mass
[Music]
what acne says goes to mass by
apparently there was a moderation cleanup
because we went to look and there were
like 300 400 people banned and it's like
but it's that we always don't give a
damn even if they insult me ​​I
mean unless there's some crazy thing like you
know no I mean you know I have the
bar very high for that no I mean the
measuring stick in that sense for there to be a ban
you know that it's super high no
Well a little hello to her let's see let's see let's see let's
see what you've
done brett that they sent me this let's
see what he did Oh no this is the
tele salseo screen let's see what you've
done dude they didn't mention me
no you didn't let me who I
want to be accepted in the skips I mean
by the way I think they're not going to admit me
to the skinny this year eh I think
this year they're not going to admit me to the
teams not even as a joke eh because I see that they're
putting in that you
're doing stupid things for my
taste but well since the series isn't mine
then I don't  I can complain of course No
but I see that you're doing like like
putting xqc to the murat and they are
taking places from people who are not from the
Hispanic community and who will be there
in the corner and all the others
trying to get clicks with them okay
all the medium streamers trying to get
clicks with them there x xsq Look look
sing you a song Look amuran amuran
enters Mulan enters then of course they
are places that are going to take the
place from people from here
and I don't know the truth I mean I don't know if I don't
know if I'm going to be there I hope so I hope so
but I have the feeling that
this year
maybe I'll be left out I hope not eh
but I'm seeing that it's not Auro the one who
decides everything there It's that
x x
qc is a friend of Rover they are not friends I
mean they jump to see not that they jump in as a
joke and such not
the camaraderie you know for the joke but
friends no and congratulations I
met you through Dallas I'm a gang member
and your videos entertain me like you can't
imagine  You can see the experience and
professionalism, thank you very much, I enjoy it
like a child, I only ban if
those who insult
followers or bother in the chat start spamming, and
when they mention your family. But if you
want, I can ban them with a time limit
so that they are removed automatically. I do
n't know, but let's see, you know, let's see, what you ca
n't do is that we
found 300 banned people, but as I
said, eh, I mean, I'm nobody. I don't
rule in my house, I don't rule, and in my
chat, I don't rule either. Acne in the chat,
the gossip channels. Javi is crying
because they didn't kick them out in the
squid game. Oh well, let's see, no, I don't know,
but it's not just me anymore, maybe I
insist on being inside, eh, I mean,
maybe I'm in, no, they haven't
told me yes or no yet, maybe I
am in, but
man, if there are 150 places or 200, I don't know
how many hours this year, I think they said they were going to be
200, man, well, I would
invite Peña from here  To people here, what they
know most is that what I see of
Muran is the
first thing, apart from the fact that she's a
liar, okay. What I see of Muran is
that she's not going to understand each other and the
whole core of people go there
around Murat to see if they can get a
click with her,
so what do you want me to say?
Personally, I prefer that they include
people from here, I don't know, it's an opinion,
but the series isn't mine, they
hope so, and I have to be grateful if they include
me, but I'm nobody to complain
about anyone. I'm simply giving my opinion. Hey,
thank you very much. V briefly, with many
thanks, they
released my clip at what point, face
twisting with laughter, I was
going to congratulate you and I don't know why
because it's not your birthday, but I send you
a kiss. Happy day, happy day, have a
great time, thank you, thank you, thank you.
Hello Raúl. Excuse me, friend, Ah, It's the
only thing he told you, let's
see, the truth is that you've been a bit
pathetic. V. Brett has been a bit pathetic. Let's
see, you're a moderator here, behave
as such, okay, let's see.  since we
're watching now let's
join it with
let's join it with the Auron and
Amuran thing that Auron has been giving
his opinion on this topic okay now
basically well he has criticized
Murat's content let's listen to it
Auron after not being seen
celebrating the inclusion of Amuran in the
kit Although he said he respected it today he
spoke about her again saying that he thinks
what Smash does is really ugly Well you
know what this is no it almost
cost me the other day to sleep on the couch no [ __ ] let's
see it's a bit it's a bit of a compliment on the
one hand let's see that a woman so a
woman so desired By the way guys a
million views on a video the other
day of Piqué in shorts here you
have it a million views it
activates the main channel quite
extensive but anyway what I said let's see it's a
compliment evidently she is one of the
most desired women of the moment in case you did
n't see it here it goes But come on it was a
joke I think the girl would say
where does this monstrosity come from
no  the girl would say
there she's not lying things are as they are she doesn't
look very good for being 80
40 80 no let's see they sent him the [ __ ] shitty photo
no
this guy is the editor of my channel eh this guy is an
editor this guy no more this guy
needs one more [ __ ] video since he
sent this photo to muram this guy since he
sent this photo to muran he's never going to
edit on this
channel again okay
Don Javier oliveira 40 years old The
king of news coverage in
Spain and he shows me this photo with that microphone
guy I mean this photo I look older I
mean in this photo I look even
older than I am currently
actually I'm 37 now and here
I look 50
50 and very burned out 50,000 burned out
okay and I used muram let's see neither
the octopus
sensuality is often found in
other things not in a toned body
eh I have to give you some love advice one night
because the other day since I made
the Comanche video  I realized that
some of you need it, I mean,
the pecs don't make all the
sensuality of a man, many times there's
a spark that personality gives it, a
look, a smile, a wink, a joke and it
touches your heart. Okay, and Muran has it, it has it
reached Mulan, she
saw this, it reached her. I think that, let's
see, I don't know if I'm being suspicious, I'm being
suspicious that I wouldn't
like it, I wouldn't like it because I don't know her, okay, but
being suspicious, I think she liked it
because you don't like the photo either.
We're here in a baby's room. Let's
see. I think I think what she must have
liked about the photo was the
pompadour, I mean, a guy who's 40 years old and has
hair
and of course he saw me with this thing
in my hand and he said, this guy, this guy
is a genius, this guy is a
genius, he
likes toys,
sunemiku likes it. When I put up this
dessert, well, the truth is, I have no
[ __ ] idea. Why I put the post in that
room when I put up this poster, I
had no [ __ ] idea that it was a  aunt who was
called Hassumi Miku I put it
because I don't remember if I got it in a
magazine or something I mean for the room it looks
[ __ ] great blue hair a doll
for the room okay [ __ ] it
but it really is to
kick me in the teeth this photo
really is to kick me in
the teeth the [ __ ] photo well she
liked it amurai suck on that hottie Eddy you
have 25 photos
trying to come out as best as possible and peace
and peace and me with my worst photo eh with my
worst photo Look what amuran tells me if when she
talks is because she's freaking out with
Javi I mean amuran is really
freaking out with me she stops I mean she doesn't She
just says Well I pass I throw I pass I
throw no no no no no don't give her
opinion on me okay What the [ __ ] this
guy can't be 40 years old
he's very good for being 40 years old
[Music] I
don't believe it he looks younger let's
really see in the photo I think I have let's
see this photo he could be five years old
easily this photo in this photo
I'm 32 eh
[ __ ] but if it is  I'm about to get
hit I do
n't know what was wrong with me that day Look at the
nose eh forget about this nose in
less than 48 hours it will disappear Look at the
nose super crooked it looks like the d from
Disney the nose here look
what Lore thinks well I hope she doesn't
go on the internet in the next week
no Exact of course it says No but it
seems like she says no but she says that she doesn't
believe I'm the age that I am okay
however this It's more no let's see this
game honestly let's hear
auron's opinion I
don't care if he does that to me
honestly I mean it gives me the opportunity to
comment and to joke around I mean I
think that you really have to take it as a
joke I mean I think that
literally we have to take it as a
joke and so on okay it's like what
happened to us the other day and so on no with
Indian Juan too and everything no Let's see I do
n't know if it's really her real opinion
or not okay I mean I hope she's
comfortable on the couch Well look I hope
so I hope so buy a
good couch for this for these cases no let's
see outside joke  if a
man does this they'll put him in jail if this was his
name they'll put him in jail or at least
at least they'll make 8,000 threads on
Twitter with 30,000 likes could you imagine
a man who opens it directly every day to people
sending him photos of women,
some streamers, some are not worth it,
well, they send the photo to Muran, I've
seen that the same thing, the same thing and they send him
a photo of your cousin
Okay and people send photos without
permission, that's also something that
should be discussed, I
laugh at it but there will be people who are
really bothered that I put their
photo there, you know,
but what can I tell you? I mean, imagine a
man there saying, well, he hit this one
and it didn't happen to this one, he hit this one and this one did
n't happen, I
mean, honestly,
and Auron, basically I think that what you
think of His content, I'm going to see the click
because I haven't seen it, but basically I think
what do you think of His content?
Well, more or less the same as me, if
a man did it this would be a
complete funa, I have nothing against
anyone but I  I totally agree with
Alan, what would you have thought? If they
send you that photo
Paz or Smash
or Kill what reborn said to me, an aunt
Gabriel Stream and starts to give her opinion on
which streamer would sleep or not. I
think it's really ugly, the truth is, it seems to me, it
seems very ugly to me. I'm really sorry, I think it's ugly, I think it's
in bad
taste, it seems unpleasant and it disgusts me a
lot, I mean, I'm sorry,
people take it as something funny, it's not that you have to
take it like that. I mean,
honestly, you're going to get angry,
bothered. Look, you know what I think
was the part about if a man does it,
[ __ ] it, it should be a man, man, just
to alleviate it, I am
the right man to do that, right? What
happens is that, let's see, one thing is sleeping on
the couch and another thing is a divorce,
look, I like to move the eve so
that they melt me, eh, she says, I adore you,
but in that photo it's to give you the
allowance, sweetheart. I
shouldn't have asked you, I shouldn't have asked you,
but  look at the evolution of the photo eh
here we are with another microphone Rosa and and
improved the improved version
let's see if you do it it would be The Martyr of
YouTube let's see it could be me but I'll
tell you one thing sleeping on the couch is
that you could put me in many commitments
because I would already see you [ __ ] the photos
that you would send me And who would you
send them to me from you know and the problem that
I have is that I'm too sincere you
know
no no no no no no I have two children I have
two children it's not worth getting divorced yet
listen to me no no no no no it's not a joke but I
should get someone but thank you very much
[Music] let's
see Javi revives the gossip let's see in the
typical thing that I would do to model
yesterday I uploaded one yesterday I uploaded a meme that
comes to me look Lore comes to me what do you say
Lore that Lore comes to you telling me
Javi what the ugliest meme has he posted no
why did you post that ugly thing about the
old lady because I posted a meme let's
see I'm going to look for it but it's literal
or rather Who doesn't  He still knows and
thinks I can get serious about things
this old lady saying I'm worth
three out of 22 no
propose it to David Santos [ __ ] yeah Yes
and David is going to do it and David is going to
do it
and David is going to do it let's see This is a
verse from Shakira's song but
instead of I'm worth three it says I'm worth
two what does I'm worth two out of 22
no and now put a lady here
and she says I'm worth three out of 22 Of course
Shakira come on but it's time for
the party man I did it to get
bankrupt I
did it to get bankrupt and
my wife is coming but man what did you put That's
ugly That's ugly you tell me you
think you're a god yes he said he would get drunk
and I Juan this doesn't seem funny to me
because a kiss Dead a kiss
Dead and I Juan did that I would be in
jail right now I mean if I did the
same and I Juan did that
right now I would have seven police officers at home and they
would be arresting him I mean I don't know To me  it
seems to me that really what I
think is not true is that we should
take it like that when it is with Samura but
also when I mean no, it should not be
done, I mean Auron's opinion is more that
neither of the two should do it, neither
man nor women, okay, it is
unpleasant
to see as long as there is no lack of
respect, no, I
mean, you consider that in itself
a lack of respect, what I think is that we should
not see but of course, that they are
photos of famous people, you know, that they are photos
of famous people and of and of oneself, that one
sends them but for example if
someone goes and sends a photo of their uncle as
a joke to then put it in the room what I
tell you on his Facebook maybe his
uncle has no consent for
that to be done but that it is done with photos of famous people
and that it is done with such, you
know, no, but that they are not scandalized
even if a woman does it and if a
man does it, I mean, that's it, you will see, it could be
a little bit bad taste Yes, but
you will see in the end everyone, see in the
end everyone when we see
someone
Javi, I am going to try to do  some emotes
for the chat would you accept it as a gift I don't
think soon from one day to the next but
I would like hello hello If it's so nice
let's make it clear let's see it's that
sincerely
[Music]
this is like when I was
talking about it today with Marina hernal No because
Marina said from her point of view what
she considered to be
infidelity okay And she said already the
simple fact that you are in a in a
place with someone with whom you have
chemistry and you have a conversation with a
little flirting is already infidelity no let's
see that for me would be disloyalty
infidelity is that something has happened, I mean
if there has been no contact If
something hasn't happened there is no infidelity there may
be disloyalty but it's like if you
say that infidelity is you
saying that someone is hot today we
did it to you is that she is very hot not in
front of you let's see
if you say it in a dirty slimy way Well maybe it
looks a little bad they are
disrespectful to me but for you to say that
someone seems to you physically They are
incredible or something  like that is
really what you think or rather
because that would be an infidelity or
a lack of respect everyone see
everyone and whoever says no is a
lie everyone all of you who are in
the chat right now when you see a
person that you find physically
attractive you think about it
if they say otherwise they are
lying no that there is
more beautiful in a couple than
trust if someone seems
incredible to you well it's incredible it's not my it
's my opinion each one lives the couple and
lives things as they feel no but
really all human beings
all human beings when you see
someone say well I think they're ugly Ah
[ __ ] how good He's man
obviously you're not going to tell your
partner [ __ ] How hot is this guy what
sex did he have with him no but I already told you it's
all in the form But hey [ __ ] he
's very good It's incredible to
think that someone is well he is
attractive I
think that also goes a little
accompanied by age
I think that also goes When I was when I
was a kid I was very macho I
was very macho and very I wasn't really jealous I
mean because I didn't feel
jealousy  if it wasn't like in my environment
I had normalized that
certain things couldn't happen to female relatives, not something like that, I wouldn't
know how to explain it but really
how to do it, no, because I've always
had
a lot of self-esteem, I've always had it. I
mean, if you're worried that your partner says
that someone is hot, I mean, if
someone comes to me and says, my partner
tells me that he's hot, who's David Bisbal,
[ __ ], but he is,
[ __ ] him. But why am I going to repress you from
thinking about it? You can't repress
someone. Even if I think about it, with a lot, you
can repress someone from saying it,
not in public, no, I don't know, people,
[ __ ], no, for me infidelity is
physical contact, [ __ ], of course, it's more
than obvious, it's the definition of such, but
for someone to tell you such. And here in the
case of amuran, returning to the subject of the
video,
if the girl is only saying it's
more
or Paz. What does the word Smash literally mean?
What does the word Smash literally mean,
man, the word is a bit such.
Of course, of course, the word is a bit such. I
could have picked another word
if I had picked another word. If I had picked
another word,
Javi a fotonepe a fotonepe
you need a love advice center
with me right
you would like it right one night is another one of
those talks no I don't
know the word I
could have chosen another no but of course it
falls within the context of the content
that she let's see no we can't
rule out that her content is
erotic in fact she makes
literal pornography on her onlyfan eh there were many
many pathetic channels and many
pathetic multi-accounts denying me that
When I made the amuran videos let's see
literally amuran makes porn eh Not on
Twitch she simply makes
erotic content but
[ __ ] I'll tell you on only fan she makes
literal pornographic porn content
because there are leaks out there let's see that I
had to inform myself because because my
job is in news coverage
How do you know news coverage
guys let's see I like to compare
the news [ __ ] you're going to screw me up the
divorce eh you sons of [ __ ] and I
have Zeta set up here eh I
can't go sleep on the street it's
scientific research for my job
I'm more interested in Auro's opinion eh
nice  I mean, make whatever content you
want, there's nothing else to it, but man, to
stream saying this, I'll [ __ ]
this museum, to me it seems to me to be
in very bad taste and somewhat
unpleasant, the truth is that's it, it's the
only thing I have to say, I do
n't like it, my name is Andrei, I'm already telling
you, I mean, I
mean, in the end I think that we also
talked about this when they busted me, not because of the
photos of,
because of the bust they did to me on
Twitter, which you already know is not like, I
mean, they bust me, they
bust me for that [ __ ] that was
stupid that I saw it, I don't know, I mean, I
thought that I believed that I don't know, my head
is spectacular, these fuck-ups that we
make many times, no, when
really the
joke was coming,
the joke was coming from before, I mean, the joke was
coming from that before, amuran is
doing this This yes, this no, this yes,
this no, and now he's telling me that
on top of that the word is like he crushed you, he did
n't hit you hard against the wall, no, anyway, let's
go
[Music]
TikTok language to say I would be
with you
But I would simply be with you, but  what I
mean is a second that you have one
thing the word literal in English What does
the word literal mean in English what would it
mean
[Music]
or second that you go a little thing man it
's really fast it didn't take me long
that I have to verify one thing man
hit
buzz smash well then it's
okay
ok
Well from one funa from one funa to another from
one funa to another It turns out that today I was
also sharing
the video on Twitter today share the
video on Twitter forgive me if I make a mistake the
WhatsApp I
don't know what you think about the truth
Maybe it seems silly to you or
maybe I'm not going to put it on you I'm going to
put it on and you tell me okay
Look, I don't have time This is a
tweet channel okay well and YouTube in fact
this kid this kid we talked about it
I made a video about the
pandemic I don't remember exactly what he
did but he did some ally
with the covid thing I don't remember if it was that he
went to a park because I remember
that it was that at that time the strong
strong of Coby the delicate thing when we
were locked up like Hache okay that
only  you could go out to buy things and
the guy would go out to make videos you know he would
go with the camera and maybe he
made it up and he would go out to make a video And
then it's a video well this go to
bed Javi you know face rolling with
laughter
okay okay Marleny I think I
get it Yeah eh I think I
get it let's see this this kid
is really killing it now Well in fact this
kid goes to the endland I think I have
Jury of the Islam okay on Twitch it usually has
Well this live if I'm not
mistaken had an average of 30,000
viewers okay he's at home He is with
a friend and two guys that I think I don't know
if they are friends because the truth is he doesn't
seem very comfortable with them
minute 90 Look I don't have time I don't have
time because the end of the
game is whistled and I have to score a goal give me a
kiss here on the cheek please
give it to me please yes or no
because my brain
what a goal in the last minute of the
game
what a goal minute 90
what do you think
apart from the cringe of course let's see the
girls I don't know if  she's uncomfortable because
really if they are two girls going with
two boys to their house to see I
imagine that there must be some
flirting or something no
But this thing of giving a kiss Like deceiving deceiving
to give a kiss let's see
nowadays that things are so canceled in
My time it was very common let me
steal a kiss from you that reaches your
soul no stealing a kiss was even
romanticized it was even nice but
nowadays the way things are they put you
in jail for a fact or what she does
n't see it comfortable bratty things with
very little education
and let's see why you're
doing this in front of
30,000 viewers like a trophy not
like a
sueable and funan it's weird
deceiving to give a kiss being
live and broadcasting to so many people
in front of the Stream can you seem to
put her in a super uncomfortable place I
think the same I
think the same Let's see
deceiving a person who doesn't want to
give you a kiss to take it away no
I think that the romantic and the beautiful thing about
stealing a kiss is because they know that the
person wants to be kissed no I think that's
where  it shows I don't know I think those
notes those things are not necessary and they
feel with they feel without words
many times no but like that for joking around on
Twitch as if you were taken as
if you were taken to a prostitute
not in a way like an object like a trophy
no I don't know the truth I do
n't know the truth how do you see it Maybe
it's silly and almost also with the
intention of humiliating because they start
screaming and she thinks it's because of the kiss
but they do it for the goal it
's that even to steal kisses you have to
have art and part of that art is
identifying if the other person really
would like to kiss you and in this case I think it
wasn't I totally agree totally let's
see because apparently The boy has
come out to defend himself let's go with the
next [ __ ] of the day these boys
who are the prisoners of the new
generation He doesn't stop messing around they are the
same ones who snuck the fake Bad Bunny into
the evening and they have grown up doing
nonsense on the internet yesterday
they were gathered in a live where the
intention of it was a competition
where the one who manages to kiss the most girls won
the problem arose when one of
the boys did something that could
be considered sexual assault man let's see with Irene Montero's law with the new law I think I think it goes in I think it goes in it's not a joke eh It's not a joke eh with Irene Montero's law she does something Quite disgusting that I have stolen a kiss on the mouth from the girl
without her consent and then went to
celebrate like a monkey at a fair the
atrocity that these
guys just did I don't know how old they are but the
truth is that he didn't care about the funa in his
live I am plex a few minutes ago he
said that he understands the cancellation but the
truth is that with what he says it is clear
that he does not understand the seriousness let's see let's talk it
's crufy who has
been I think the most controversial
when crufy steals the kiss from
a kiss I don't have time when that is what the one
next to him in the click
literally said he was giving a kiss I don't have
time give me a kiss on the face Give me
a kiss on the face
when when
many people on Twitter have seen the
clips and they believe that we have taken three
girls that we have caught out there we
have paid them to come to the live and we
have kissed them with  them
to use them as a trophy and that's it and it's not like
that because we
had known these girls for weeks there is a
story behind it the good thing about all
this is that those of you who have eaten
all the live shows For two
weeks you know But then people
on Twitter don't know people on
Twitter see a 15 second clip of
Cruz and stealing a kiss from a girl
live and getting up making the
clear and yes it's true that we look like
monkeys it's true So for our
part
I apologize if the people who have
felt offended I want to clarify that
And although it was called It's that it gets
very complicated for me there were
people who say no it's not that no and
although she didn't give consent to Cruz and
such
Play only
Hi Sonia a hug
yes she had consent because
Well or rather we did the live show
on Saturday
Friday We were already with her on Friday we
went out partying with them and
precisely
crufy and jangue had already done
things I'll leave it there simply then
[Music] do
n't think that she did it without
consent
and there is evidence of that obviously but I'm not
going to show it because But how are you going to
say this dude
exposing the girl's privacy
totally dude I
mean they are not aware they are not looking at her
dude I still think one thing and I know that
a lot of people are going to jump on me with
this I think I
once said the same thing about the right to vote
that I still think And also I said it
very recently I said it in this study
no that I don't think that everyone
when they turn 18 should have the
right to vote but there are not even those who are
40 who should not have the right
to vote okay For me the vote of a country
is very important so that
anyone can vote okay And I have already
shown you many times the criteria that
people have to vote no on some
occasions this thing of YouTube
and the strings and YouTube Twitch and the
influencers and so on has something that
is magical and has something that is very
negative has one thing
has a magical thing that any
person maybe your neighbor or your
baker suddenly goes viral and earns
a lot of money and it makes their
life easier because they have talent and they have
charisma you know and it is an opportunity for
many people that maybe would have been
wasted okay or I mean
For example, it has saved my
life. It has saved my life to
dedicate myself to what I dedicate myself to, I dedicate myself to
what I like, I have my own
programs, okay, it has always been like
a dream to work in something on television, whatever it
is, I have my own programs, my
own followers and anyway, I live very
well, okay, but I also think that it has
a very negative thing and that is that
anyone and when I say anyone, I don't
just mean any
random person, I'm not talking about Chance when I say
anyone when I say anyone, today is
the day that is
why we have a couple of
lost generations it is increasingly clear that the
internet has made many
morons famous today. The dumber you are, the
more famous you become. The problem is that
before you saw clowns as
entertainment and today people look at
clowns as role models. Very good, very
good, very well defined, Fran, very well
defined, very well defined, man, look,
increase it, okay, what I was going with.
When I say that anyone can be
famous, when I say that anyone can be famous,
I don't mean anyone,
only referring to random, I
mean any type of person.
When I say any type of person,
well, suddenly I'm
talking about people maybe  that you think is
okay with threatening the other day I was
threatened on Twitter okay I haven't
told you many details Because there is a
legal process very obviously very
obviously it is something that cannot be ignored
and there were people applauding based based
well I mean people who maybe think it's
okay with aggressiveness people who
maybe think it's okay people like
naim darrechi crazy
people like
people who maybe find it funny I
mean there are some for example I'm not going to
give names okay But there are some for
example whose humor within their joke
is taking drugs and being very
alcoholic
man people that maybe you can
meet I do
n't want to be effective man I don't know
how to explain this to you there are times when they
become famous in Tusa
there are times when they become famous in Tusa
okay
people who no that we shouldn't give them a voice and they
become famous
and Fran says there are times when they succeed no
The more [ __ ] he has become he succeeds and
here comes once again what I have
repeated to you on many occasions okay
many times the one who is the worst
person the one who least deserves it or the one who
deceives the most or the one who swindles the most or the one who is the
most  the one who gains the most followers
or becomes the most famous and more
followers but no, not out of morbid curiosity but
followers who really want it is worth it
And the answer that that gives me is that there is
a higher percentage of people in
the world or in the population who are
[ __ ] than intelligent,
I think, I think so That is why
people with a higher IQ understand
each other, they
understand each other and people do not
understand them and they see them as the
weird ones, like those who are not right and
like those who understand me It's
going to sound like maybe I don't care what they
are like, I don't care what it sounds like
but the reality, I mean, I think
that if you take the entire population of the
world or of Spain
and it were done by portion, I think that the
highest percentage of people there are more
[ __ ] than people because if not, you don't
take some people that we have seen
on the internet and the famous and millionaires
and that have influence,
that have influence, one thing is that that has been
seen a lot throughout life,
not that there is an atrocity that happens to
someone, that someone makes a mistake
Terrible and it falls well, make a scandal and at
a specific moment, well, have a lot of
expectation, but because of morbidity, no, no, but there
are times when you see a brat,
the most suck-up, the most rude in the
world, who insults his audience, the whole
live show is swear words, filth, dirty nonsense,
barbarities, nonsense, and on
top of that, he treats the audience badly, he
treats people around him badly, insulting them
live, millionaires, hyper famous,
hyper applauded, and then I say
the vast majority of the audience,
[ __ ], just like that, just like that.
No, I don't know, it doesn't matter
either. But well,
I mean, I simply
want to
clarify that, I mean,
Thank you for showing your weight with
Francesca,
now we're talking about when I tried to cover up
the kiss with Francesca because this. This
is important to talk about it, I'm going to write it down.
Here I'm going to write it down. It's that
I see that they are kids, I do
n't see anything beyond the
trick,
it's that these people, what I see in them,
are kids, then look, in the past,
here talking, the letters, not
this Franco, and I, not the two, the two ten one,
Frank, the two ten one, but it's that
really  Maybe I see life From
that perspective. In the past, for
someone to become famous.
Okay, now it's not like it is. There are a
lot of people who are famous. In Tito, you
pass them on the street, you don't know who they are.
In the past, famous people
were 0.5% of the population. No, maybe they were
famous or they were well-known, they didn't have to have a talent, I mean, they had
gone through a series of filters. Okay, for someone to become famous in the past,
Well ...
nowadays and maybe I'm going to sound like an old man
but it's
sincerely how it is I mean in the past there were
so many filters that whoever made it,
whoever became famous was really
because they had a talent because they had
had a series of filters but
no the difference nowadays is that
anyone is famous but not just anyone I
mean anyone has the
opportunity but anyone who is not
transmitting good values ​​to you and
not good values ​​anymore because we
are not here to educate in the end
we are here to entertain But look
honestly I think that there is a guy there is
a guy who insults his followers and
tells them that he has a friend who is
a based the friend and that he has a friend
who is a [ __ ] crack because he doesn't drink and it is
very easy for him to flirt taking
drunk girls who have a great time I
mean he is a [ __ ] Crown out it is or rather
and that they applaud that and not only that they
applaud it but that the guy then gets
invited to a series they invite him to me that
seems alarming
really it is nothing personal against
anyone or anything like that Because
really to me  the whole
internet world gives a [ __ ], I have people that
I get along with and that I like
and to a certain extent that's the most that
can worry me
about people on the internet they understand me but
really I don't have anything personal
against someone that I would
bring into real life But honestly
honestly the fact that there's a guy like that and
that you far from condemning him you award him you
take him to your events you
take him to all the awards to all the
series
seems
alarming to me it seems alarming to me
I'm waiting for the moment to talk
about the parties
We too Of course what you've
talked about and such that of course he had
consent we would never think of
doing something like that it's that
these are I see it in children or
rather apart from that it's obviously not
right what he's done The kid and
all the nonsense is fine
but the thing is that I see them as children it's that I see them as
children it's that if you had given me
30,000 euros a month when I was what
those children are 19 20 years old
if you had given me today
These kids aren't bad kids they're the ones who
used to do it  the fool in the
square nowadays there are
seasonal celebrities being famous requires a lot of
time dedication moral sacrifice and
education on the internet they become famous
but 90% are ephemeral
well let's see but these people are
influencing the kids eh I mean there are people who
want to be like them Look what I
was going to tell you that
more than condemning it, I mean like they
are children it is that they are children I mean
to me, I get 20 thousand 30
thousand euros a month how do they earn
20,000 or 30,000 euros a month when I
was 19 years old today I would
surely be dead you
know You don't have your head in the right place
to manage that
even at 30 you
know what I'm telling you I mean
let's see what Ricky thinks it
's the joke I understand that's the
format I'm not
going to put it very cool I do
n't think it's bad that it's a Stream of
boys and girls they should all be adults
I think plex is in his 20s the other
kids because they will be around 18
to 25 years old  I understand that everyone is of legal
age and can broadcast whatever they want
and if they like each other or
if they are a couple or if they want to kiss on
camera
it's fine because I mean it's a
very cringe format, things as they are,
these eving Ross don't do it as such
But well, the Play Stream from what I
'm seeing is quite a clone of the
eding Stream, not the format style here
with all the networks and with the sticker, the
sticker format and font that
is here above, the type of chat, the
overlay format that is there and the fact of
making String with more people and that is very
idros is a pretty direct plagiarism of what
edding does. What happens is that I have
seen many disgusting things in the Stream
but I have never seen a guy
tricking a girl to eat her
mouth for, I mean, saying that he was going to
kiss her on the cheek, I have not seen it, maybe
worse things have happened and I do not
consume too much and it gives me quite a
cringe to be honest But
then it is a bit of that So when
I see this
the first thing I see is an
uncomfortable girl, I mean, I understand that she the
girls  I don't know how many girls are here, okay,
but I understand that they're aware
of what they're playing at. They know
what it's about, that it's part of the
concept of the game's plot,
okay, but that gesture is a little
unpleasant, first because it makes you start to
behave like a real monkey,
the girl even gets scared, you know,
like, what are you doing? What are you doing? She
laughs. I understand that in front of them, I
know, 100,000 people, I don't know how many
people were watching. Okay, that this happens,
the other girl even comes in, like, to
celebrate. I don't understand
if she understands
the girl's discomfort or if it's just that it's, I don't know, I don't know
to what extent she's involved in this,
but
she looks quite uncomfortable, she's like,
trying, they're looking at her like, laugh,
celebrate it, like, forget about the shot,
whatever, but don't be uncomfortable
because we're going to look like [ __ ]
gorillas, eh.
In fact, there's a moment here where she
literally throws her hands to her face, like, I don't
know what the [ __ ] to do, you know, like, I don't know
how to react, I want to go.
[Music]
What a goal  in the last minute of the
game he moves
away a little you know too much to
do with the subject This I do
n't know how body language eh
the chat disappears what it is what
is body language eh here for
some reason that I don't know
in the last minute of the game there are
a lot of people writing whatever but
to start with It's true that they are
young kids they are boys they are 20 years old they are
super young kids I am not
too old either but I am already a
little older it has a point perhaps
different not from the life of understanding what
a kiss from a girl means or
having hooked up whatever so
maybe that's why I don't want to make content I
understand of course that there are a lot of
Peña a lot of kids especially because
all that see it the most are the boys the
jerks or I mean this type of content of
having a girl in the middle of the Stream
as the object to expose I mean this
is having a girl like Look We have here
Pieces of meat that we have to
get Lady for me 20 years old is a
child
at the level of at the
level of let's
see It
depends on what we are watching
but because I look back dude
or I mean  It depends on what it
depends on what you're
not going to justify everything with Oh, he
's 20, a kid, no, but
[ __ ] you
can't put yourself at the same height,
obviously
at 20 you're already an adult Javi
at 20 you know what happens is that
at 20 I wasn't mature So I can't
tell you [ __ ] it's because he's from the
convent He already has the balls too black
to do these things let's
see This thing at 20 I maybe wasn't
eh but it wasn't either [ __ ] if it's true
at 20 I learned to read let's see at 20 I'm not that
immature for
this, no of
course I see 20
as super far away, I've done stupid things
at 20,
I've done a lot of stupid things at 20
And yes, I think I could have made a
mistake like that of behaving like an ape
yes it's true that my 20s
were other times and they were other other
years [ __ ] my 20s we're talking about the
year 2005 it
's another era it's another era it
's another era Well, I don't know, I'll open a debate  in
the chat say What do you think Ramon
Today is the day
for some reason I don't know what
word you put be careful with
the words but a lot of times I
am 26 and I know old classmates
my age with nothing more to do than
go out to parties and smoke weed in the
square your twenties do not define your maturity it
is not the age itself it is the context of your
life
and the environment it is the context of your life and
the environment it
depends on each person it
depends on each person I at 20 I
was already mature
Well look from one of 20 we are going to go
to another who will have Naim Darrechi How much does he have
How much does
Naim Darrechi have Let's
see
I don't know if it says it here I didn't know that Naim Darrechi because of this
episode with the policeman had a
trial of
course the problem with the problem with
Naim Darrechi is not only that he is
20 years old
the problem with an IQ of 11 apart from
the 20 years are things that add up no
apparently the colleague
a kiss WIC the colleague had a trial
had a trial for having confronted
a policeman This was when the
pandemic when the pandemic was
still quite a bit the confinement was
still quite strong I think we
were just starting to go out on the streets at
the beginning of 2021 I think and it turns out that it
gets like this a bottle party gets going a
group of kids have a bottle party going bump
in the air the police arrive to break up the
party and naim darrechi takes charge with the
police they want to take them into custody there is
a scuffle and in that scuffle
a police officer hurts him okay
this could be like that or No the
truth is there is no evidence I
know the police among themselves the word
of a police officer in a trial in mass okay
If the police say that it is like that it is like that
okay But let's see coming in derretzi
Well the truth is that
the boy does not inspire much confidence then
trial in which they are asking for him I
think it is 18 months in prison that
obviously they are not going to sentence him to 18
months nor are they going to go to
jail Okay when the Public
Prosecutor's Office asks you for 18 months in prison it will
surely end at zero or three okay
in a fine surely a
criminal record that you  they prescribe
Maybe in a year, the
most logical thing, the most logical thing would have been to
go to court,
the most logical thing would have been to go to court, you
go to court, pay the fine you have to
pay and not complicate your life any more.
If you go and have a trial of this
caliber and they piss off the
officials who are working there, who
could have another case and they have
yours, well, you're probably complicating your life
now, well, apart from the fact that they
declared her wanted,
my goodness, for that nonsense, not for
that nonsense, well, apart from that
now, I imagine, Anita, thank you very much, 37,
37 months of membership, eh, almost nothing, Nika,
37 months of membership, almost nothing. Hey, let's
see how many members are there here, they're
probably going to put her in now, well,
a case of disobedience or something like that,
or that complicated life that pisses you off
for a stupid thing that would have been
solved surely with a fine, I don't
know what the reason is, let's see,
right now we are
2,152 members,
2,152 members, we are maintaining ourselves,
I would like to strengthen these 2,000
members and that  go up a little bit just in case
So I invite you all to
become a member it
only costs a few cents okay And to
whoever can, to give away members you can
give away up to 50 members each if
you want it's worth more than anything to strengthen I mean,
not for nothing Not for nothing it's to
strengthen Let's see, I'm
going to see if here yes yes he has
put something I
want to feel your body next to mine
because it's
not that he has put anything It's that he's on
vacation it's that he's on vacation
or rather the guy the guy coincided with a
trip He's probably gone crazy
this guy is stupid this guy is stupid that's it Let's go we're
not going to buy it no
tomorrow we'll come back to kick you out I can
help you with something
because this is a success I mean are you
seeing the saying we're
not going to buy it no tomorrow we'll
come back to kick you out I can help you with
something
because this is a success I mean
literally you don't see what I'm
talking about you see what I'm talking about the
people who become famous and stuff
Why does this succeed at what moment do
people like it or rather give it  a heart
to that San
you're seeing you're passing tiktok
you find that and you give it to him
because he's handsome he got his
face tattooed I just saw that he
touched his face he got his
face tattooed dude he got his
face tattooed
because he did that it
's a give and take war of that what the
[ __ ] did he get tattooed
look I like tattoos dude but
on the face not
on the face no dude he got a tattoo
above his eyebrow
and another one as if it were on his sideburns
my god
Javi's face represents me he must
have tattooed himself buy bread so he doesn't
forget
what catches my attention a lot It's that
many use songs and they don't give a damn about
copyright you
mean you
mean Tito there is no copyright
songs can be used the same as
in Instagram stories with no
more comments to make family I
open a debate in the comments box I don't
know if he left the country or what I don't
know if he left the country I have no
idea but come on they want to complicate their
lives they want to complicate their lives
Agustín 51 based tells me here the place
says Agustín 51 based on Twitch but
throwing channels
Agustín based on Twitch and then
insults the mother of a follower great
today Agustín was based for a few
minutes very few but they work he exposed
some practices that make
streamers do more hours of live than they
should normally be and says that
nobody can take a
week long vacation without losing 80% of Followers and that
the algorithm punishes them
Yes
Nacho Thank you very much
[Music]
Yes it is yes it is
a concern that I have
now with the issue of with the issue of leaving, I
mean now I have the operation the day after
tomorrow okay the day after tomorrow
tomorrow I probably won't
do it Well tomorrow to tomorrow maybe I will
do it live I don't know It depends on what there is
also no but it has already happened tomorrow I have the
operation the day after tomorrow I will stay overnight
in fact admitted
I hope it is not for many days because the
truth is one of the fears that
we have We always is that no that
punishes you the algorithm punishes you
punishes the algorithm and punishes you the
routine
so don't forget me eh guys don't
forget me
and  you notice okay These are
statistics this is objective This is not
subjective This is not an opinion if you
notice all the streamers that are
in the elite or all the streamers that
maintain a very good average of
viewers for a long time
also maintain a basic rule between
all of them they do not
rest at any time they
never ever rest they do live every day
yes day also okay they do streaming every day
for many hours if possible
there are times when they don't but Still they have to do
live and they are every day
with their heads set on finding a
space in the day to do a live that's
fine obviously there are days and months of
motivation that are great But the thing is
guys I've seen how I work I've
seen because I've lived it myself
from my point of view I work times
and months maybe I've been doing
live streams six seven eight months live streams
every day in addition to seven hours a day I have
created a community I have
gone one week from doing Stream one
week guys one week to
rest so as not to die of boredom to
see my family one week it's like that it's like that man let's
see if it's true that for example me I
don't know if it's that I'm too lucky
with the community that I have the other day I
was talking to tesa we have a
great community I mean our community is
as interested in SEO as here and above all
the two halves are sort of
united no
we have a great community
We've been moving for three weeks
and it's held up eh In fact
on the contrary I was noticing more and more
support when I uploaded a video with my phone like
people waiting for me
yes yes yes yes yes yes
you went on vacation and then the
move no no this year I didn't go on
vacation
this year I didn't go on vacation the
only thing is that last year
or so 2022 the only thing I had was at the
end of the year you know I'm going away for two or
three days the previous year I went to
Disney and this year I went to London but
no summer at all summer was the move it's that
you are the king of gossip Javi
when you leave we get depressed I think
that what we have to do the
next step
which is the next level of not
community streamer community
streamer relationship is that we agree
to take the vacations
I think that is the next step
so that  let's go hand in hand
we totally agree when we take
vacations to see I think that
depends on the community I mean if your
content is about playing fortnite
then in the end if you go away that week those
kids are going to see others playing
fortnite because it's very easy to
find someone playing fortnite the one
on Twitch also as it goes by categories
the live streams and you even have to mark
what game they are playing I mean
on Twitch it's not like you have to mark
when you do live streams the irl
chats category No no it's not like you have to mark
even the game then directly If
you're not there they go into fortnite and there they
see all the ones who are broadcasting
fortnite So I think
my community wants to see Javier he doesn't give a
damn if I start here
talking about
and explaining the figurines that we have
bought
obviously depending on how the
gossip is and the chemas there
are more or less people also it depends
on the day and time okay
but really Here me in that sense is
that last year I didn't travel more
last year I didn't go  trip because I
was waiting for them to give me the house
more than anything also To not spend money
on a plan that I didn't know How much of it I was going to
need when they gave me the house and I didn't
want to be expenses that I could
avoid
and it doesn't remember that I went on a trip
last year more than the end of the year from the
30th to the 2nd the same as now from the 30th to the
2nd it doesn't remember that I went on a
trip last year on vacation were the three weeks of the move that we are going to and I was like I was going to have something without working Well I can't be without doing anything I'm back and the first live Javi you went to the beach I went to the beach Last year I had a weekend at
my cousin's wedding in Malaga I
was at a wedding in Malaga one
weekend I left and I had to stay
an extra day to sleep because I got sick
from the hangover
but I haven't gone on vacation
text hasn't even reached half of
half the impact that the previous ones reached I
know it has nothing to do with but javis
more XD kiss Dark I went to Madrid to  the
Lion King thing too, now a couple of
months ago I didn't
go to Madrid but it was like it was a
weekend I think it was
it. I haven't done anything last year
this year I hope so
if not they ruin me all the lawsuits I
have all the demands let's
see if let's see this year I have to
take some trips
not this year let's see there's the nose thing
now and then well let's see what
happens I don't understand how it works
internally because I'm not a
Twitch Spain employee I don't
work within Twitch I don't know how it
works but I've told you a million
times that Under My humble opinion
When you do live streams
completely daily every day
basically Twitch treats you better the
channel treats you better the channel I mean it
notifies you more about the live streams it places you
better in the bar on the left
people usually don't follow a channel on
Twitch they follow a lot and for me
always on the left are the ones who
do the most live streams not the one with the most viewers
which is also important but
always You'll see who does the most live streams I mean I
look at the top left and
I always  I see I say is that this one is
live every day It is true that it
has 400 viewers and maybe right
now there is a person who also
has 400 viewers but normally he
had 2000 but he has not done anything for two months
and it does not appear to me here on the left, do you
understand What I want to tell you then
the person already sees himself as
disadvantaged disadvantaged can you say that way I think
not
Today is the day
and h and this is the difference between being famous
for doing something specific and being famous
out of anxiety it does not matter if you disappear for two
days or ten people always come back on the
day they were going to go now not even Willy stop
doing events many disappear but apart from that
Fran a kiss Fran Thank you very much
for the guys apart from that what
this kid is saying is a lie and go
and if he took hate of rest
and Auron too [ __ ] now he came out of the
dick and even more he hasn't left and visa I think
they went to
Auron wasn't it something from the United States this
year with Ari and with Juan and Juan too I
mean those who are in the whole are the ones who do
not rest the only one that sounds like
that to me of like anxiety  it's the crash
and still he left but for a funa not
to rest
knowing that people were waiting for
his return
but what the [ __ ] is this guy saying that
the epinos leave that it's true that it
hurts you but then it comes back you
give it cane that's it you made a
name for yourself on the internet even those who don't
see you know you for me the hours that
Stream is on are sacred let no one
bother me during those hours Thanks man Thank you
very much but really yes let's see
yes it's true that the algorithm the
algorithm works in a way but
this It's logical the algorithm works
in a logical and sensible way for the
user who is viewing the content and
consuming it Look if right now
but it works I don't know how the
tweet one will work but it will work the
same as YouTube if right now I
like this video if right now I
like this video and I watch it
three or four look at me probably this
girl that we had today and we
watched three or four videos of
her okay now I'm going to go
on YouTube from my mobile and
this girl will come up recommended Look at him  I'm going to
give like
okay now I'm going to go to
YouTube on my phone
and this girl is going to appear on the cover
how beautiful it is No look on the cover
[ __ ] I didn't do it on purpose I
swear I
swear I wasn't ready I swear I
wasn't ready Why
Because [ __ ] because YouTube has
noticed
YouTube has noticed what
Javi said this one has started browsing the
channel two or three videos and it has also
swallowed them whole the videos you know
the audience retention that I
have watched the entire video the three videos that
I have posted I have posted entirely one after the
other I have not closed the tab yet it
understands me
so YouTube now the next video
that the girl uploads she is going to recommend it to me
if we like it I mean if we like it
if a lot of people enter the video
the next video is going to recommend it to us again
If suddenly in the next
video that she uploads we no longer enter
then for the next one it is going to recommend it to
fewer people and then for the other one Less
people
but nevertheless you guys like I upload
videos Aby you enter the next day upload
videos Javi you enter  next day
uploads videos Javi you enter Well it's always going to
be like a wheel a
snowball Pin Pin if I go away for a week I
don't think it's going to hurt me what it's going to
hurt me about is me The only thing that's going to
hurt me is the money for that
week of course you do notice that because
every day is money we are self-employed we don't
have a physical salary a fixed salary
arm understand me then they are
every day of work is a lot of money of
course you know That's what's going to
hurt me and then the
idiot who's competing with me is going to hurt me who
says this month I've had more visitors than
Javi of course my son if I've been gone for a
week not like you understand me But then
in the sense of what Agustín is saying let's
see if they hit you two maybe
yes but I normally
yes it's true that there have been some
occasions that maybe you have noticed
but what the moment you go back
to the beer you go back to the beer in
three four days it's already
churra Kun hit him hard
I am very happy with my algorithm
that  I don't get these people as weird as
the 51 name is that literally what they
are saying,
I sincerely believe that my
position and I'm going to sound arrogant because
I'm not Rubio or Auro or anything like that, I mean,
look, today we are here 1,500 people
1,600 people,
I sincerely believe that I have my position
on the internet
without more for now maybe
next year suddenly people will stop watching me
but right now I think I have my place
and if I have to go away for a week
because I have to get a nose job it
looks screwed man it looks screwed because by
not doing live every day then
Twitch doesn't position it or doesn't do that
thing, you know and man, that's
trying to the mentality of
content creators, I swear the
content creators
are this guy is stupid, this guy
is stupid, he is very stupid, this
guy is very stupid or something more and he is
calling Twitch psychological abusers
that it is attacking the
mentality of content creators,
let's go as a child, they have given you, they have not
given it to you there is a platform like  back
in the day there was Twenty and just like Facebook was born in its day
and just like Snapchat was born in its day
and there's a platform that if you
want you register and do whatever the
[ __ ] you want you upload a video you go
live to it to play and do whatever you
want okay there
came a time when that
platform to incentivize and
motivate people what it did was release
the option to share the revenue okay they do
n't have to do it so
one day YouTube takes you and says Well
look I don't share the revenue anymore this
page is mine The advertisers are mine and
whoever wants to upload a video and whoever doesn't ca
n't upload it but I
can't claim anything from the revenue they're not playing
with your mind or crushing you or
exploiting you or anything like that dude
I'm the first one who often gets
angry it touches me the
Yellow icon or that I make a normal video and you get
angry and say things hot But
this thing about you that the
algorithm is designed to crush you
then you're stupid
What's stupid and that's it
So what's stupid That's it  I say the
same thing I say when there's someone
measuring themselves against others okay there are people
who start measuring themselves against others and they
're even having a bad time Javi today
had 3,000 viewers and I
had 2900
I'm going to be there for one more hour so that later
I have 100 more Look kid if you
're measuring yourself and this one it's because they have
low self-esteem you know what I mean I'm
pretty clear I'm very
clear about what I'm worth the quality of my
show the quality of my live shows how much
fun we have here we laugh our
asses off the things that happen here I don't give a damn the whole time I don't
give a damn about the
algorithm okay suddenly I upload 7
videos of dala that you upload here Franco
this one we have a talk about the choca I
start putting together Mimi out of Lego I don't give a
damn my balls
okay
I stand here putting together a Lego Vespa
with 500 viewers and I don't give a
damn okay
Why Because tomorrow when something happens
people are going to come here to find out They
're going absolutely crazy Me
for example because  I already told you a long
time ago that I don't give a damn and well, I do
live shows when I feel like it and that's it and I don't
give explanations to anyone Obviously I do have to
give explanations Yes, for
example, I disappeared for two weeks and I
did a live show explaining the reason that
bye bad that I was throwing away a couple of
projects and such and such because at the end of the day I do
love you a lot and I
feel that I owe you but not you, not
the platform, but the
small content creators, the
small content creators who get to have 100
viewers sometimes, that guy if he wants to make a
living from creating content has to
spend those 100 biwells months
without missing a daily live show with
practically inhuman hours
Why the [ __ ] did you tell me that this was
based on places, I'll
do it Why the [ __ ] did you tell me that
this was based, idiot
This guy is stupid,
let's see, man, whoever
has 100 viewers shouldn't
have the expectation of making a living from
this, I [ __ ] on my [ __ ] life, how are you
going to tell a guy who has 100
viewers that what he has to do
is even more live  I mean,
imagine a guy with 100 viewers
working in a bakery because
obviously with 100 viewers they don't
earn money, you don't even have monetization,
okay, imagine that poor guy
putting in his eight or 12 hours
a day to earn a salary and then with
no friends, no relatives, nothing, all
the time streaming because
Agustín heard that he can't go on
vacation to keep his 100
viewers, the guy who has 100
viewers has to do it because he's
enjoying it and because he likes what he
does. And if one day, and if one day
for some reason he makes it big,
and if one day for some reason he makes it
big and suddenly has
500 viewers, but he can't, he can't make a
living off the internet, not even the one with
500 viewers, unless they're 500
viewers, and they're all members
and they all donate, and that's never going to happen
to your audience, always donate. Maybe
10% of them, you
know,
a guy who's viewers is saying that he
has to fight to keep those 100
and if he stays 24 years and doesn't want to
the 100 viewers that can happen
if not he's not going to hit it off in his [ __ ] life he
has to spend hours and hours and hours and
hours showing Twitch that his life
on the platform
takes this away which does is feed his
ego
Angel but let's see let's see this
guy is worthy of a study eh
this guy is worthy of a study I mean I'm
totally serious
you see how here you have again again the
example that anyone suddenly
here can live off this and become
known I
mean this guy look at you the kido the
quido the quido How many years I don't know if
that man will continue
I don't know if that man will continue
that he's still sick with me with Dallas
Yes they have sent it to me because yes
sometimes they send me a tweet from him
the boss Manuel sends me a tweet from
him still mentioning him but look at you
the quido
How many years can that man have had
a viewer on the platform eh he
continues I mean the guy with a viewer and
fighting and fighting every day it could
take years and well he could have a mature
decade with one eh
with the ukume look at you  look at me elucume
capable and is live now
the ukume
capable and is live the ukume look
is always always
the ucm It never fails it is always here with
one and I am completely sure that
this one is him with another computer watching he
knows how the String is going in case something happens There is
no way and this man It has been years and years years years years years years years years years years
the fact that you try hard is not a
guarantee that you are going to live in
fact I mean I have met along the way
dozens and dozens and dozens and dozens
of people that some had material
but that it is not that it is due to many
things let's see is that if
everyone could be famous nobody
works in another job not everyone
here is doing well Speaking of this let's see
when lloron 51 realizes that he
wants to be a gossip youtuber
this guy I don't know now
for Twitch to say okay this guy
rents me this guy rents me this guy is going to give me
money
51 With the years that he has been dedicated to
this he believes that Twitch handpicks you and
says this guy will serve me this guy  is going to
give me money
Agustín 51 believes that,
so Agustín 51 believes that Twitch is going to
realize that a guy with 100
viewers
goes live for many hours and works
hard
and that it's going to make him money
with no viewers, they monetize it, no, I
mean, this guy was going to be here every
day doing a live stream, I'm going to give him
exposure because it's going to be
all normal, I don't see that as normal,
eh, I don't see that as normal, people work
8 hours a day, arcax, I'm going to keep you
because I don't come here to argue with
absolutely anyone, what a headache I
'm talking about things, man, if you want to
participate, well, That's the point that I
see, what the guy told him is that these
kids, what happened to me is that
they hit each other. But well, this one was approaching sagrefg, okay, if this one didn't get together with Greg, they'll never succeed. Because you tell me what charisma and what art this guy has, he's the typical example of that boom, he's been in the place he had to
be at the time he had to be, you
know, this famous guy  influential you
know what this man brings This kid
if he talks the nonsense No
but what they put in the chat is
completely real-minded and down to
earth and it's something that
I think no I mean when I see
the hippies here doing an hour or two of
live and that's what they do a day
I say to him man I come from working 12
hours a day
you already earn money by putting on How long are the
water live shows two hours
three hours
put on 8
not 8 do a live show on Yes because I don't
do eight hours of a live show remove the
fox 51 and reacts to the snot Javi kara
rolling around laughing Well it's almost
worth it but if you if you
in a job where you earn a thousand euros a
month you already employed Of course this kid hasn't
worked But if you already employed
8 hours to take a thousand euros
home and pay the mortgage the electricity and all
that [ __ ] a job that gives you more
money employ 15
employ 15 It's that they are not people who do not
know what it is  life
are people who don't know what life is I'm
not going to keep watching it because he
really says it's nonsense do you want to see the
whole thing do
you want us to see the whole thing what he
said
his opinion is that of a person who
came as a hook and who doesn't know what it's like to
work for 2000 a month he says he doesn't give a
damn but little more and cries
story that he's coming dude I mean you don't
have anything signed with you that I
owe you anything or that you know what I'm saying
but it seems like dude That's why I often say
that he's a child that I don't know what it is that it's
not that this guy is stupid
directly
but I don't understand why luar
told me that this was based What a
shame dude What a
shame the people who haven't worked that do
n't know what money costs dude I
mean you have to know what
each member is worth dude I mean each person
who donates you 5 euros I think Well the thing is
that I only earned before for an
extra hour
for an extra hour I
mean if you earn there's
one thing to take into account dude so that these guys
value the money well surely
you guys  you're going to agree because
you guys are probably already working
Look, these people don't value a [ __ ]
thing about what you have Look,
if you earned a thousand euros a month
Agustín does contribute something important and it's
not being a streamer like him If he wants to
be known, what a very conformist piece of character he
has to be an example of
an example of a person Who doesn't
count and someone who asks you what it is to work
hard exactly, this has to
be an example of a person
not to take as an example, man Look,
any person who works for
900,000 euros a month, we're
talking about a salary of
40, 50 euros at best,
okay,
if you multiply that, like,
sorry, you multiply it, you don't divide it
by 8 hours, which is usually more, apart
from the 8 hours, you're screwing up a
car to go somewhere, you're getting up
early, you're often putting up with
a lot of nonsense because you're putting up with, perhaps,
people's bad moods, ways of speaking, rushing, I don't know
what, a lot of [ __ ], okay,
man, all I can do is
eat your  damn when you give me a super
chat for 5 euros like this kid who
just wrote to me
5 euros 5 euros I was the extra hour
for 5 euros I had to take maybe it
was 3 or 4 in the afternoon I
thought it was time to go
home even with my children and with my daughter
and a truck arrived that had to
unload
And what are you going to say no
already you point out you
take it it's going to save you it's
going to save you
you buy a 4 euro sandwich
eat it like that
and you and you stay two or three
extra hours to unload the truck
15-18 euros the afternoon costs you you
go to the shower you release everything black your
nose blows and everything comes out black
too you know and to bed to sleep
five or six hours and the next day he
will do the same Javi with 75 viewers
on average and streaming 12 days You can ask for
the partneritero they have to grant it there are
many people who find it difficult to monetize
but I understand that you earn like a
star a month but doing it because
you are passionate about it because you like it you know  but
have the expectation It's that I look I
really
understand that everyone who starts
in this has the la la Or
everyone who starts doing this wants
people to see it and wants to grow
obviously you're not going to be making
videos and you don't want people to see it
you're doing it with the intention of
hopefully it'll hit but you can't have and
your boss and former colleagues know that
you dedicated yourself to streaming
I imagine he did one day the crybaby 51 to
launch fiber optics 6 meters high
and drive all day and put up with
clients for 12 hours
launch fiber optics 6 meters high and
drive all day and put up with clients
for 12 hours
clients of all kinds bosses of all kinds
situations I mean there are days and
days and there are places and places especially
facing the public many times you
find yourself in very
complicated situations and times when you have to
bite your tongue and say [ __ ] on the
[ __ ] But what am I telling you I mean
when you're with 100 spectators you
have to do is that the first thing
you have to do  get and with a thousand the
first thing you have to do it because
you like it
okay hopefully it goes well and grows
but that you like it that you love what you do
And thanks Juan but but you can't have
the expectation that this has to
grow Yes or yes because if not you'll get a
huge disappointment man Because out of every
Ten thousand twenty thousand people who
try it maybe you'll get one who
makes a living in fact
this is like the one who sings well and wants to
become Aitana well Sebastian
yatra how many people of the people who sing
or rather how many people do you know I
knew a lot of people in my life who
sing well
in school in high school in
jobs of people who sing How many
suddenly hit the key and suddenly
you're a singer and make a living from music
very few and there are some who manage to make a
living from music but for a
few years they hit the roof and then they
leave again
Well that's the reality You can't
say that you have to I don't know what it is that he
said it's such nonsense they are
so son it's that they are from people who don't
know life
this this that we have  heard it's from
people who don't know life but let's go
absolutely for nothing let's
see what other topics there are let's
see here they're putting me places is
what places today today I'm going to send you all up the
ass eh that a girl went on the
internet or that she has explained her
nose operation that was a month ago and that
explains the whole process and how she did to
be perfect in less than a month
after it I'm not going to see it
because I don't want to know anything about the
operation
I want I want to know anything I don't want to know
anything about the operation I
don't want to know anything I just
want to get there for them to put me to sleep and when I
wake up my head will hurt and that's it I do
n't want to know anything about how it is or what they
do or anything I don't want to know anything I'm
very scared I'm very scared I'm going to be
scared I'm very scared to see I know
that for example the one with the eyelids I didn't
understand anything I mean they put you to sleep you don't
realize the moment in which you
fall asleep and just like when you're having
a colonoscopy they start talking to you you
know you're going to sleep but you don't
realize and you fall asleep  no For that, for that,
for that, an anesthesiologist studies, okay,
but I don't want to know anything and let it be what it has to be,
okay, I have less than
48 hours,
invalid truck driver button, it doesn't have to be 15
hours of I don't know what you're already discussing I do
n't know what you're already discussing in the
chat Hot Spanish caused a stir on TikTok yesterday
after Hot Spanish uploaded a challenge
to Tito where he offered a person to eat
spicy food, the most powerful spicy food in the world,
for approximately 100 euros and the challenge
went wrong. He still decided to upload it to
his networks and Instagram.
The video was reported on the roof. In the
challenge, you can see that the boy who takes the
spicy food gets very sick and ends up being
taken to the hospital due to the pain it
caused. [ __ ]
the Hot Spanish account. He was banned from
Instagram but on TikTok he still has
the challenge uploaded
where in the end he gives the equivalent of
1000 euros to the boy who decided not to
report him. Although he's also an idiot
for accepting, let's see, I don't know if he could
report someone for a challenge that
you accepted, I mean, if you admitted  the
challenge if you are the hamlet what the [ __ ] are you going to
report
would you take the hottest shot in the world
[Music]
Okay, he has to sign this because it's
a pretty, pretty strong shot, I
mean, look at you who's signing the
consent, and on top of that, he
can't send anything
else, pure fire this mother look how she
has her [ __ ] inside
Ready, brother, ready, okay, on the count of
three, three cheers
let's wait for it to take effect
let's see what happens let's see what's
processing in her mind what she's
feeling right now
after talking, son of a [ __ ] how
bad man Why are you doing this, what
No wait, man, let him grab you
continue how are you or what are you
carrying if it was the hottest thing you've ever
tried, are you
okay, what do you feel?
But why don't you give him water? Take it?
Take
what a load, no way? [ __ ] man, [ __ ], he
took a sip, not
a shot, it's not
my thing, what the chips, dude,
worse milk Ah, water makes it worse and a
coke, no more friends, pure [ __ ]
Look, dude, I'm sure you're fine,
friends, leave your like  This brother, I mean,
super cool, follow the page because the
truth is that the dude can't even talk. He just
says that he was good for
chili, eh,
on a scale of 1 to 10
[Laughs]
they're different, try to write it, dude. Let's
see, dude, do you want to put a little
drop to just take here at home
or just prepare the little drop that's left
there? Let yourself be, it's the little drop. It's just a
little bit that falls there.
Let's see. This flight defeated him, how about it?
No, I'm not doing it to make them feel bad,
more like,
dude, it's worth 2,000 varos, a round of applause please. Oh
my goodness, you
're okay, dude, I'm
sure I'm
asking you, he's
getting sick. Let's
see if he needs it. Are you
okay? Don't you want the paramedics to take you? You
know, don't you want
the paramedics to take you?
A few drops? The
other one is okay. The other one is okay, but
look, you don't know what it can be?
Look, many times, maybe. Look,
I found out that I had
Crohn's disease. How many years
ago was it now? Almost five or six years,
I'm sure it  you would have all your life
but I didn't know So you can't know
what a person can have,
what they can be intolerant to, you know,
each person feels different in a different
way, he's a
paramedic, that's what I'm
seeing, mark him,
I'm fine, old people, that's better, I was really
screwed,
the pain is inexplicable,
well, leaving here, friends, um,
after four hours, how do you feel? I
feel fine. Um, but at the moment,
how was it? At the moment, it was horrible,
the truth is, your stomach started to make
acid in your stomach, it was too much acid, would you
do it again? It wasn't two thousand pesos
that I gave you,
I want to relieve you for the bad time
that we were here waiting and for
the time, 20 thousand pesos
[Music] Of
course, man, he
has behaved, eh,
here to Roberto, this one, I always, I was
fine and I'm very grateful to him, he
was always on top of everything,
he was always messaging me, asking how I
was, how I felt, what the end, what's
up. This one, yes, he has done well, he
always responded, he is very supportive,
friends,
well, he doesn't act very well, eh, I mean, I
don't know the YouTuber, I don't know who he is,
but he has  done well damn [ __ ] He
made her have a bad time And
look, look, he
got like 150 hours of work in Spain, he
got 1000 euros which is a month's salary
in Spain it
was good in the end the other one was the one who
accepted he shouldn't give him anything and he
gave it to him
the Instagram account they will return it to him
for sure I do
n't
want to forget a topic that I
left yesterday man But honestly I
want to see it man I
want to see them it's that I was going to bring it out today
on the news I
was going to bring it out on the news but the truth is I want to, I
want to see it here because it's a
long click man I mean it's a click that put me
here places yesterday
and I'm interested Maybe I'll get a
puddle eh Maybe it's [ __ ] but
Cristinini says she's tired of the
fake world of Twitch Okay,
Cristinini says that in the world of her
work as a streamer there are very
fake people and there are many masks, she says she's
tired of seeing things that she doesn't share, which she
has to deal with and that's why she gets
tired of seeing how they suck
each other's [ __ ], man  it fits
or it fits with something or it doesn't fit with anything it
fits with something she
feels she likes let's see that's why her
other projects like the dubbing course she
feels like she likes it more since it leaves
the bubble because Twitch
is much more difficult to make friends
How many times have I told you that man
How many times have I told you that and the other
day We saw a girl who said the
same thing again
Oliveira was right again How many
times have I told you that man
How many times no one talks about anything of mine or my
job or anyone asks me like now
but it's that Twitch I mean if you had to
talk about
anything at all I mean talk about her things
or about dubbing and I live in them and I have a
great time and that's it I know it's like I
have it separate and it allows me to be
Cristina and that's it just being one
more student and that's it and it's like
And yes they know who I am but let's
respect a lot or understand me okay It
's not that I come here and make a fool of myself
because no I mean
I've always said one thing is that
maybe we exaggerate our features a little
to be funny or whatever
people laugh anything
entertain themselves it's not that I
ask guys has the
quality of the microphone been noticed the quality
of the microphone is noted I bought the blue gadget I'm not
going to show it to you because I'm not going to
show it because it's plugged in and
the cable won't reach here
the blue gadget that we talked about I have it
here I bought it has been
noticed it has served for something because
the truth is that it costs a lot let's say it
costs 200 bucks the [ __ ] gadget
But it sounds powerful like super
good or not much more
or not much more It's much better if I stop being
Cristina or rather Cristinini now that
I'm doing estimating right now what
happens is that in the end I'm working or
rather I'm at work whenever maybe
maybe I relax it's like Hey do
n't relax that you're working I mean I
always have that eye you're working or
when I surround myself with people in the
world there are very cool people in this
world okay But there's a lot of falsehood in the
world and I'm tired I don't like it anymore
without more that I don't know how many times I have to
say the same thing there are very  Cool
very funny
and I said it man I said it I said it
naturally but normally it's a
very fake world and there are a lot of masks and you have to
go into it a little man I've said it a lot of
times but Because I know a lot of
things man There are a lot of people who can't
see each other and they invite each other to
series they invite each other to events gref says
agre can't see it almost No one
is putting Gris in the chat Greg ca
n't see Greg almost no one
but if they invite then they go to their events
like I'm freaking out I'm freaking out really I'm not
good at that I can make peace and
cordiality you know but there are things that
I'm not capable of with the wheel luckily
unfortunately you know and it exhausts me that
exhausts me it exhausts me a lot it exhausts me seeing it
exhausts me feeling it exhausts me things that I say
but if you don't get along I mean it exhausts me
emotionally I can't then I
like it when I do things have you
heard when he said but if you don't
get along have you heard that man man it
's pure pure pure pure pure pure
Purísima man
falsehood man
pure pure pure falsehood  Uncle
But with this thousand things this is the little
group that Uncle South wants to belong to
Uncle South wants to be there eating
Ramos I don't know what you know things that my
job fills me up a lot of work that you have to
deal with that it's
okay that two jobs have everything but
in this one in particular there's a lot there's a
lot of that and I get
tired man I sing I don't like it I don't
like it because it's all about who sucks
whose [ __ ] more to see if you get on
the wheel because if not they'll kick you out of the
wheel I don't like it man and I end up mentally exhausted
to enjoy something that I'm passionate about without
envy and without jealousy and without comparisons
and
without having to suck anyone's [ __ ] without one sucking the other's or rather I don't like it then enjoy dubbing that I like so much that like in all worlds in all well talking I'm going to take advantage of this moment to put something that I put on Twitter man
Because Uncle Shure is pulling a little
joke with the guy you know and eat don't
tell him don't tell him as a joke love yourself
a little love yourself a little  south and they say they are
serious It turns out that I don't know if
you remember that there was a guy from the
koi coi of the ibai team that
we also made I don't know if we made an extract I
think we made an extract no that the
guy took it and said that these channels
How are the channels going to be nominated for the
Islands I don't know what that they shouldn't
monetize these things I don't know how much good do
you remember that do you remember this the
river that then also a
few days later it turned out that he and
another have in coi like a
gossip channel of news
okay about youtubers and the guy and the girl
the two reported on Nauter's sentence
without having a [ __ ] clue but without
having absolutely no [ __ ] idea did not
even know the name of Naucher's channel
guy the guy Yes the guy without but without the
entire internet is I mean no they did not know nor did they
know the name of
Naucher's channel or the content of the sentence
has reports not reports do not make an
extract of that okay Well now it
turns out that I find out that he told
his [ __ ]
told his [ __ ] they have opened a channel
of  gossip he opened a
gossip channel about the gossip of the likes to the
tirosur type he put it Uncle Voice In
fact let's go
and Uncle South takes it and Uncle South takes it
and Uncle South takes it
because I found out because
a Twitter guy came up to me that's why I found out
that it was the worst Okay and Uncle
South takes it and says
This seems like the start of a war
riobo we're going for you so he knows not like
there
tell him tell him a [ __ ] fake piece of [ __ ] who has
been criticizing the
gossip channels and the moment it started it was
seen for a moment a moment the
world whatever or the other day when
Uncle Shure leaked what he was paid
this Uncle Sur said that he's not that cool and he's
nobody he makes 2000 bucks
let's go there let's go there
and he takes out a gossip channel with his dick
and he takes out with his chicken on the
gossip channel and Uncle Shure there as a joke he doesn't
promote it as a joke no
obviously not only in this one
then you go A normal day at your job
Well you will also suck your
boss's [ __ ] Well no literally okay I mean
in the end in all of them There is a little because the
world moves like that Unfortunately Well the
world moves Well for favors or
because you know I don't know that I don't know for the
most part the world moves like that what
happens is that there are worlds more prone to
[ __ ] the other day uncle karcher saying
that he recognizes that he sucks
someone's [ __ ] and that he sees it as logical that he is who he
is for sucking someone's [ __ ] and that he will
continue doing what who wouldn't do
like mine or where I move because
the world of entertainment, artistry and
such is that there is a lot of what is behind it And then there are worlds that are less but that will also be I thought I saw in the wait
is that it seemed to me on the South TV
Ah okay I thought it was a copyright
Really you know I say they have thrown a video
again I like to get out of the
wheel of content creation a bit because
Despite the fact that they are wonderful there I have a great
time  very well I repeat again I
really enjoy my job if not I wouldn't be
here there are many things that
tire me out and I can't stand them like before
I like to enjoy things without having to
watch like ways that I know they
put up with us Well they're there for the
visits
man I don't know what I like and
always man I always like this
girl man I don't know why there are people who
criticize her eh There are people let's see in some
things almost in some things like video
games and things they don't agree with
her but man I always like this
girl I do
n't know why but what she
's saying is what I've
been telling you for two years because I
know because more than
one and more than two and more than three and more than
five have come to give me [ __ ]
and when I say it you know that I don't make
things up they've come to me they've
told me Javi Mira
take a video that has been worth it to me
No look that you know this this and this that
things have been valuable to me and then you
see them collaborating and it's like But well of course
I've  my perspective on the
Gossip Channel I'm not selling my source but I say
[ __ ] [ __ ] you know I
understand Well I understand
but I'm tired of putting up with it so that's why
I like what I'm
telling you for example I really like
going to dubbing for that reason because it's
normal people on the street well who also
have their things and they also have to
put on a good face at work and put on a
good face for their boss well like
everyone has said about good putting on some
faces for our bosses everyone has
done it to a greater or lesser extent but it's
different I don't know if I'm explaining myself I do
n't know if I'm explaining myself it's like a breath of
fresh air for me it's with people well such a
breath of fresh air you know
here well in the end I have to be
a little aligned with things more But it
says because of the visits I really do
n't call I always say the
same thing I don't understand Why is that
because you guys tell me the same thing too
because of the visits But what visits if we
're talking about people we're
talking about people that man man if I live
well
yes I live very well man
yes  I live very well with 10% of
the viewers who have that, that
is, they are senseless commercial people, they
have no need, man, to
put up with anyone or see their face or
listen to anyone that you can't see. I don't
understand, really,
why they want more, but what else, if it's that I do
n't understand that they can contribute
more to you and between them they all share the
audience. In itself, in the end, the
internet audience is the one that there is
less because obviously I don't owe
anything to anyone, I don't give a damn. To support
anyone, but obviously, well, you have to
be aligned on certain things. Well, there are
places where you have to be. Because
of work, because you have to be or you
play, there are things that you have to do
because you have to do them and that's it,
many times. Well, maybe when
we go out with people in the
world, it's again talking about the world
and sometimes I feel like we don't know each other. I
mean, it makes me very sad because it's
like we only talk about things from the world of
those in the world of what has happened,
the world. And it's like this one has done
for visits and this series has done it
for  I don't know what Because they haven't invited me I don't
know what the [ __ ] It
's that I would invite her man I
would love to invite her but the thing is that she's
not going to accept I would
love to invite The chat
Without giving names of course and without lying
but to talk a little bit about more things Not
only for this but I would love to
invite her but the thing is that you're not going to
accept it she's not going to come here at
all but if it's not to give names
obviously she's not going to come here as if it
were this save me from light and she's going to start
putting one and the other down you know
but to chat man because I see a
way of thinking and some conclusions and
one thing I'm not going to invite her because I've
gotten a rap No she already has it it's that she's
not going to come because she's not
going to come for the simple fact that
look it's very simple by logic okay she's not going to
come because she works with
many companies and with many brands she's a
presenter and all that And she's not going to come here
so that I can say there's a gossip channel a
channel you know what I'm telling you
but to talk about many things not to
talk [ __ ] and to do it man listen to me
I would have a chat with her
that  you would love to but she's not
going to come
because she's fake too well I don't know I
know her
invite Javi the worst that can
happen is that she says no and that's it but the thing is that
for them to tell you no it always
matters to me what the [ __ ] do I care what I
want to know is I don't know do you have parents do
you have siblings I don't know if you have siblings
Javi they see you as the enemy Of course of course
recorded chat not chat here like
when Auron came like when
Juan came
chat a chat I've been
playing series with you for three years I don't
even know if you have siblings I mean I do
n't know where you live I don't know what you do in
the afternoons do you have friends in your town do you
live alone it's that I don't know I mean do you know
what she's saying
that I told you but I don't remember
what live look at what
Cristina is saying it's very simple let's see
logic logic and that's where the success
and the respect that Vegetta77 has is from
you who do you see me collaborating with
the people that I take you see me
on Thursdays Here meeting with my Alane with
my Enrique with my charisma with the people
that I get along with mine that I
tell them mine no, you can have a
guest to do an interview you
can do collaborations such but
but it's that they
make like groups between people that
not only don't know each other but on
top of that you can't see each other if you see
Vegeta Vegeta plays with his lifelong friends you
understand me But they are people that
simply remain as if it were something official
for business man you
understand it is not bad at all accept it it is not
bad at all it is not
bad at all In the sense that
things are done for business It is not
bad at all I would do and I think that I have surely
done things for work on many
occasions Like for example the
Antonio David interview and you know no that I did it
already for saying look I have to do it
because it's work and although no no I
many times I put on stubborn mode I do
n't do this I don't do it Even though I am going to
lose more than win
but I
understand but the problem is
when there are personal issues
personal tenants that things have happened between
them that cannot be forgiven and that they cannot
see each other for many things for
clear never never will know because you
will never know intimacies of
people rock Thank you very much I do
n't know  to people that's why I always
say I would
n't have reconciled with Juanjo I would never
do it but for example if I have to
be in a program where he is then I would
be without more clear Imagine that we
organize a program and we have to
call them stronger than what happened to me because of course it
would be like that
but the thing is that I consider notice I confess
that in some series there are people
collaborating to whom
things have happened
stronger than what happened to
me with a lawyer
undoubtedly
coworkers but I don't
know them and it's very sad that makes me
very sorry it's very sad I mean it's not
spoken well You have dogs what are you
passionate about apart from streaming on
tweet do you like something else or not so broken
hearted I don't know tell me your life You know
no no let's meet and tell me no it's that they have
made the series because here you have to be
but I'm not here because they haven't
invited So damn I care that a
little yes a little is fine because you have to
be up to date a little with your work And
such But sometimes I feel like we don't know each other
and it makes me very sorry man that we
know the streamer how can you
know him I can know him  I don't
know any further and it makes me feel really sorry man
look Greg nobody can stand him when he
crashes I get the feeling that
almost nobody can stand him either and the thing about the
choca, yeah I don't understand
man I mean the choca thing is that
it has me totally confused and not
because I have a thing against anyone because
really there are a lot of people who say it's that
you are not objective with him that I don't give a damn about
the choca but let's see guys
I don't depend
on anyone's anything I mean like I do
n't take anything personally or anything like that you
know but to me I see that
people are scolded for some stupid thing that
pisses you off and now you tell me that choca
can say whatever he wants and now they
keep bringing the series let's see
let's see family by rule of three
there are times when you say well I wo
n't get close to this one because of the brands
because I don't know and choca can say whatever he wants
and you put him in your
series or in your event or in your contest and
the brands will continue  paying your
contest
I have the explanation for that more or
less and I know where the Chinese are going Look at
the brand, brands don't give a damn,
brands don't give a damn about the image
that any youtuber has, it's worth it
The brand doesn't give a damn as if it
's a guy who has been chatting with
minors for the last month
you know what the brand cares about
apart from the numbers Of course
the numbers are the main thing, not the brand, they are
not going to watch a live stream of anyone who
is sponsoring their image, not the
numbers
And if people want it or don't want it, I
mean, if it's a guy who has done Something super
cancellable or has said some
incredible stupid thing,
but
since here it doesn't matter what is
done but who says it Well,
this guy said I don't know
what in a live stream about drunks, they haven't
busted him Yes, a little, but oh well, it's no problem, go
ahead Maybe
another guy does it and they do
bust him And they do cancel him then
brands matter,
you know, look how many things
Telecinco has done and Telecinco programs and there he
is, dude, live life  They interviewed
the murderer, I don't remember who the
victim was, I don't remember, they came out
everywhere, I don't know if long live life, they
'll have closed it. That's why I think it's not
worth it, but in many programs they have
interviewed murderers of I don't know what
murderers of I don't know how many it's worth, but
while people don't mobilize, they don't
do anything, for example, when
they interviewed the cuckoo's mother at the Ferris wheel, that
same day people mobilized, they
contacted the brands, the brands withdrew.
And then they had to close La Noria,
okay?
If people don't mobilize the
following week, the same interview with Carcaño, you
know, I mean, it depends on how people
take things, not what the guy himself does.
There are people who would never be called for
a series because of the brands, the
white content, I don't know what. And maybe he has done
more absurd things than people who exist in the
series.
But what is happening is that one silo is
denounced and the other one isn't
and maybe they can't stand each other, they do
n't get along, you know, it's like
that, man, it's sad, me. That's why in
that sense I find Vegeta very cool,
very cool guy,
very  fathered to Vegeta Vegeta goes with his
own to me series of monthly
support him viral that the series is how viral they
are event of I'm not going to see if it's what
some say don't you see that talking about
work is normal obviously talking
about jobs is normal [ __ ] obviously I have
gone with my coworkers before
working in streamer or the creator although
as you want to Call it mine sleeping with
my coworkers to eat to have a drink
and we have talked about work
because there were things to talk about work
or whatever That is how it is it is inevitable and
nothing happens and that is what will not happen I mean
and I have said it but one
thing is that on a specific day
let's say empty we are going to go because
something happened today at work that we
want to say it there and I don't know what and they are
there all day but we go to eat one
thing is one thing and another thing is another
thing You know what I want to tell you I mean it
seems that there is nothing beyond
them and the world Hello That is because there
is nothing else beyond it and the world that
interests them between them
the relationship that Manolito has with
Pepito simply because of what  so
when they get together having a drink they
won't talk about anything else because
there's nothing else that interests them about each
other there's not even anything else they have in common there is life beyond it's not much but it's honest first time I donate to you you're my trusted channel since 2017 Thanks a lot Greetings from Argentina There is life there are people in the world in the
universe go in the bubble come out That's what
I mean When I say because I'm Cristina
because I can talk about other things and I love it
I can go out burst that little bubble and
come out that when I'm there well
nothing happens Well you have to be and you are and I
'm the first one that then Oh look I
laugh three times the first but damn you
know I want to go further for example
Magic yes I like to know about
magicci's life I like to know how she is with her
mother is she really bad with her family with
her friends
if she is happy when she travels or when she's not if she's
not fed up with so much work I do
n't know I like to know her things you know It's
to get The example I don't like that
we meet and say oh well today
in tortillaland well  I built a
house and so-and-so came and put a
girl in my house so-and-so from the parakeets put
a girl in the house of course she
broke my heart and now let's see how I do the
house what the [ __ ] do I care it's all very well
but
I don't give a [ __ ] I mean tell
me who are you going to spend
Christmas with is this Christmas are you going to
be with your family if not what plans do
you have today let's see no
shitty conversation no let's see [ __ ] It won't
be a conversation she
feels like telling me that but that's not the
only thing you know we have to talk
because then in the end Okay they are
work accomplices so that's it but I'm
looking for friends not work buddies I have
50,000 work accomplices obviously it
happened at work [ __ ] today it
happened to me I don't know what at work
they insulted me dude am I really bad or not
obviously I'm the first one who says let's see
tell me what happened to you dude Because
they insulted you no because I made
a blue house instead of a pink one in
Minecraft and there are 57 in rat boy
insulting me well Damn What sons of [ __ ]
Obviously
but you know what I mean I don't know I want to
know more I want to get out of this a little there's
so much bubble here so much such And so many
numbers and so much I don't know what And so much such and
statistics and competition And who is
Maki Damn I care let's see what
happens who more who less in all
jobs I leave mine because this is
mine in particular but when I
worked as a receptionist it happened
Exactly the same Well there were people
with whom you got along better And you knew about
their lives and
well in the end there are friends your friends and there
were people with whom you only talked about
work and that's it because there was
n't much more to it that's it What happens is
that this world is especially
complicated in certain aspects is what I
say there is a wheel in this world that is
especially delicate that exists in
all but in this one in particular is the
only thing I have said and for me being in
that Wheel that I have to be tires me
sometimes and I like to get out of it from time
to time it's
brutal these places this click that they
sent me here Meli Thank you very much I'm
glad to have seen it
I'm glad  of having seen it This is
past
and it's not from Agustín of [ __ ] that you
have sent me before what a
nonsense they call it note this clip is
based on this is a this is a person
with their head on their place man this is a
person with their head on their place and
[ __ ] I loved the clip Eh I
loved the clip honestly well yes I'm
going to throw myself well yes I'm
going to throw myself man I'm going to
see if I record things I'm
going to be recording things because I don't
think I'm going to go to bed if I have to
get up soon to see what
time I have to be at the
cobi test at 9 in the morning man at
9 in the morning I have to be
at the covid test man I'll
go on the bike
but let's go get up at 8
is that that's sleep or three hours man what
goes what goes what I'm going to do is be
recording things I'm going to record
some videos for the main channel man I'm
going to record the videos for the main
channel
of Dallas you won't say anything no
what do you want me to say about Diego's age what do we
say  to give Diego what has happened
the truth is that here he has not given me a
place arena of dala has done there is some
gossip of dala
what has happened Diego Tell me
that he got back with Lizzy the sheet I missed that I
missed that I had it pending
to see it
And that one I did miss I don't know if I don't know
if I took it out as a newscast
I am applying to be Luare's assistant help him help him
Charlie help Luare
Tell him if he wants you to help him
But what is it what is it that has
happened with Dallas of dala you are not going to
say anything but the guy has put it
like seven times
what is there to give to something
that there is of Dallas to see me look at Twitter
because suddenly I would answer that
quietly
that there is nothing there was the
moon that was seen yes I
wanted to see it the truth
defend Shakira I have
not seen the video I am going to record a
video today of Shakira and Piqué We have to take
advantage of the bug
but but I have realized that
dude
given the character
[ __ ] the  Dallas has stopped the controversy
in its tracks
Dallas has stopped the total controversy Eh there is
not one nor one salsa dancer Dallas
lately
Luna's we're going to see it here
live Yeah man the problem with
Monday's video that it was 50 minutes, damn well it's
not going to give me eh
okay that's a video that never dies we
can watch it
when I get back it's just that the day I have
left tomorrow there's
one I'm not going to say it you see I'm saying it on
a TV at the SEO
I hope to see you rant about the Dallas progressive oh
my god that it was Naucher's video
from today
that it was today's car video
about Piqué
and Auronplay
Turbo plan is left over Mulan Okay, since
many of you already
called you that he's going to be there they send him
pictures of streamers and youtubers and everything
and he does the Smash he
did it with everything he did it with me
and with me He told me that he's jotas [ __ ]
and I made mating growl noises
amuran we can but of course
also on the other hand yes it's true
that
I'm leaving now I'm leaving now
guys see you
see each other  I hope I hope to see you tomorrow
sometime. Okay, a big kiss, family. A big
kiss.
[Music]